README.md, before:

# FRACTION-UTILS

`fraction-utils` is a JavaScript library that provides functionality for rounding numbers, validating fractions,simplify fraction, and converting between decimal and fraction formats. This package is useful for applications that need to perform accurate fractional and decimal arithmetic.

## Features

- **Compute GCD:** Compute the Greatest Common Divisor (GCD) of two numbers.
- **Round Numbers:** Round numbers to a specified decimal point precision.
- **Convert Decimal to Fraction:** Convert a decimal number to its fractional representation.
- **Validate Fractions:** Validate fraction strings in the form 'numerator/denominator'.
- **Convert Fraction to Decimal:** Convert a fraction string to its decimal representation.
- **Simplify a given fraction:** Dividing the numerator and denominator by their greatest common divisor.

## Installation

You can install `FractionConverter` via npm:

```bash
npm install fraction-utils
```

## Usage

```javascript
import FractionConverter from "./path-to-your-package";

// To set the precision for rounding
FractionConverter.setDecimalPoint(4); //(default precision is 3)

const gcd = FractionConverter.computeGCD(48, 18);
console.log(gcd); // 6

const rounded = FractionConverter.roundNumber(12.34567);
console.log(rounded); // 12.346

const fraction = FractionConverter.convertDecimalToFraction(0.75);
console.log(fraction); // "3/4"

const decimal = FractionConverter.convertFractionToDecimal("3/4");
console.log(decimal); // 0.75

const simplifiedFraction = FractionConverter.simplifyFraction(10, 20);
console.log(simplifiedFraction); // Output: "1/2"
```

Commit message:

feat: add function to check if a given value is an integer

README.md, after:

# FRACTION-UTILS

`fraction-utils` is a JavaScript library that provides functionality for rounding numbers, validating fractions,simplify fraction,check if a number is an integer and converting between decimal and fraction formats. This package is useful for applications that need to perform accurate fractional and decimal arithmetic.

## Features

- **Compute GCD:** Compute the Greatest Common Divisor (GCD) of two numbers.
- **Round Numbers:** Round numbers to a specified decimal point precision.
- **Convert Decimal to Fraction:** Convert a decimal number to its fractional representation.
- **Validate Fractions:** Validate fraction strings in the form 'numerator/denominator'.
- **Convert Fraction to Decimal:** Convert a fraction string to its decimal representation.
- **Simplify a given fraction:** Dividing the numerator and denominator by their greatest common divisor.
- **Check if the value is an integer:** Determine whether the given value is an integer

## Installation

You can install `FractionConverter` via npm:

```bash
npm install fraction-utils
```

## Usage

```javascript
import FractionConverter from "./path-to-your-package";

// To set the precision for rounding
FractionConverter.setDecimalPoint(4); //(default precision is 3)

const gcd = FractionConverter.computeGCD(48, 18);
console.log(gcd); // 6

const rounded = FractionConverter.roundNumber(12.34567);
console.log(rounded); // 12.346

const fraction = FractionConverter.convertDecimalToFraction(0.75);
console.log(fraction); // "3/4"

const decimal = FractionConverter.convertFractionToDecimal("3/4");
console.log(decimal); // 0.75

const simplifiedFraction = FractionConverter.simplifyFraction(10, 20);
console.log(simplifiedFraction); // Output: "1/2"

const isInteger = FractionConverter.checkIfInteger(5);
console.log(isInteger); // true
```
